gateway-provisoner: customize the cert's lifetime (#6604)
projectcontour/contour: changelogs/unreleased/6604-izturn-minor.md

## Customize the certificate's lifetime

> customize the number of days for which certificates will be valid. defaults to 365.

Reviewer: It could be mentioned that this concerns deployments that use Gateway Provisioner and that the expiry is customized by `ContourDeployment.spec.certLifetime`.

> ## Customize the certificate's lifetime
> 
> By setting `ContourDeployment.Spec.certLifetime`, you can customize the validity period of certificates generated by the `provisioner`. The default value is 365 days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Customize the xDS certificate's lifetime

You can modify the lifetime of certificates used for TLS communication between Contour and Envoy by setting `ContourDeployment.Spec.certLifetime`. This field allows you to specify the validity period of the certificates generated by the Contour Gateway Provisioner. By default, the certificates are valid for 365 days.
```
